Hi there.
Hi.
Can I interest you in one of our suits?
OK, that sounds good.
I think it would go great with this tie.
I wish I had listened to the elders.
I-I can’t believe the interest
on these credit cards.
There’s just no way I can afford this.
It didn’t seem like it was that much money
at the time when I was spending it.
Hm, maybe if I pick up a second job
or, ah, work nights, weekends, I could . . .
Hold on a second.
Wait! No.
What did the text say this morning?
“Keep your eyes open
and guard against every sort of greed,
“because even when a person
has an abundance,
his life does not result
from the things he possesses.”
Guard against greed.
It didn’t feel like greed at the time.
It seemed like these were
all things I needed.
But if it’s starting
to crowd out time for Jehovah . . .
Hey.
You’re back for more suits?
Just this today.
All right.
Well, you have a good day.
Thank you.